**<h1>QUESTION : </h1>**
You are given an integer array `height` of length n. There are n vertical lines drawn such that the two endpoints of the ith line are ```(i, 0) and (i, height[i]).```

Find two lines that together with the x-axis form a container, such that the container contains the most water.

Return the maximum amount of water a container can store.

***Notice*** that you may not slant the container.

**<h2>Example 1 :</h2>**

**Input:**  height = [1,8,6,2,5,4,8,3,7]

**Output**: 49

**Explanation:** The above vertical lines are represented by array `[1,8,6,2,5,4,8,3,7]`. In this case, the max area of water (blue section) the container can contain is 49.

**<h2>Example 2 :</h2>**

**Input:**  height = [1,1]

**Output**: 1

**<h2>Constraints :</h2>**
n == height.length

2 <= n <= 105

0 <= height[i] <= 104

**<h2>Explanation :</h2>**
This problen can be done easily by creating max variable and calculating the max area by traversing the array and creating two loops. This will take O(n^2) time complexity as we are traversing two times the given array.

Another approach is two pointer approach and with this the time complexity is O(n).

1. Start with pointer left=0 and pointer right=length-1

2. The max water is limited by the pointer with smaller height

3. When moving a pointer, the width of the area decrease

4. If we move the pointer with higher height, we will never get a
greater area, the max height will be at most the one of the pointer with smaller height.

5. So we need to move the pointer with smaller height to have a chance to get higher height at the next step.

```java
class Solution {
    public int maxArea(int[] height) {
        int max = 0;
        int i = 0;
        int j = height.length - 1;
        while ( i != j ) {
            int area = (j - i) * Math.min( height[i], height[j] );
            max = Math.max(area, max);
            if ( height[i] < height[j] ) i++;
            else j--;
        }
        return max;
    }
}
```

---