**<h1>QUESTION : </h1>**
You are given an integer array ```prices``` where prices[i] is the price of a given stock on the `ith` day.

On each day, you may decide to buy and/or sell the stock. You can only hold `at most one` share of the stock at any time. However, you can buy it then immediately sell it on the `same day`.

Find and return the `maximum` profit you can achieve.

**<h2>Example 1 :</h2>**

**Input:**  prices = [7,1,5,3,6,4]

**Output**: 7

**Explanation:** Buy on day 2 (price = 1) and sell on day 3 (price = 5), profit = 5-1 = 4.
Then buy on day 4 (price = 3) and sell on day 5 (price = 6), profit = 6-3 = 3.
Total profit is 4 + 3 = 7.

**<h2>Example 2 :</h2>**

**Input:**  prices = [1,2,3,4,5]

**Output**: 4

**Explanation:** Buy on day 1 (price = 1) and sell on day 5 (price = 5), profit = 5-1 = 4.
Total profit is 4.

**<h2>Example 3 :</h2>**

**Input:**  prices = [7,6,4,3,1]

**Output**: 0

**Explanation:** There is no way to make a positive profit, so we never buy the stock to achieve the maximum profit of 0.

**<h2>Constraints :</h2>**
1 <= prices.length <= 3 * 104

0 <= prices[i] <= 104

**<h2>Explanation :</h2>**
For any given day, if the price is greater than the previous day, we sell it. If the price rises consecutively, then the cumulative addition will automatically reflect in the profit.

For example, 5, 6, 7: The first purchase at 5, and then selling at 7 is equivalent to purchase at 5 and selling at 6, and buying at 6 and again selling at 7. So, 1+1=2 will be the profit. You can take more examples to verify this.

Now in case of a dip, we already sold off our stock at the previous high since we use the greedy approach. Now, as the price has dropped, we again consider the latest price as the purchase price to check for profit later. If there is a rise, we sell again. If there is another drop, we didn't buy at the first drop, and are buying at the latest dip.

```java
class Solution {
    public int maxProfit(int[] prices) {
        if(prices == null || prices.length < 2) return 0;
        int profit = 0;
        for(int i = 1; i < prices.length; i++){
            if(prices[i-1] < prices[i]){
                profit += prices[i] - prices[i-1];
            }
        }
        return profit;
    }
}
```

---